Let's start with a bit of knowledge.
Let's talk about strings.
What is something
interesting about strings?
Anything interesting at all?
>> They're primitive type.
>> Yeah, they're primitive type, yeah.
Which is also deceiving because
JavaScript likes to trick you.
It's a primitive type, but
there is also methods that
are on a string that I can call.
In fact, these are some useful methods for
strings.
Split is useful because using split I
can turn a string into an array, and
then once I have the array I
can do whatever I want with it.
LowerCase if you're dealing
with a lot of strings,
having to putting them all in
lowercase if you're comparing strings,
things like that, just so
useful nothing, no.
Substring or sub STR, depending which
one you like to use to get a part of
a string out of another string and
starts with is amazing.
It wasn't around to a couple of years ago.
In the old days, maybe regular expressions
and all this stuff starts with is so
great ends with this.
There's such useful methods, probably the
main thing I'd say to know about strings,
the strings are immutable.
Once you create a string,
you can't change it.
And if you do change it,
you're actually creating another string.
And it's important to know that if
you're missing a lot of strings,
you're actually just creating more and
more strings.
So if you watch the graph, if you're
doing a memory profile, you'll see
the garselecter go up and down, and up and
down if you're creating a lot of strings.
Generally, it's useful to turn a string
into an array and then manipulate it and
turn it back into a string rather
than creating a bunch of strings.